Start in Marketing, on Campaigns.
p02
Four tiles across the top, and one is the headline: zero sent this month.
p03
When a manager says nothing went out, that tile confirms it at the network level.
p04
Sends have stalled.
p05
This is bigger than one missed text.
p06
Drop to the campaign list. Read, don't click.
p07
The column that matters is status.
p08
A draft was never launched.
p09
A completed campaign already finished its run.
p10
Neither will send now.
p11
Only scheduled and active campaigns are eligible, so those rows are the investigation.
p12
Look closer at the eligible rows.
p13
Two carry a pill: weather paused, six locations.
p14
That is a built-in hold, not an error.
p15
The platform is holding sends at those six sites on purpose.
p16
Name the pill in the ticket, and route the config question.
p17
Where it is set is not visible here.
p18
Now Marketing, Deliverability.
p19
The banner is the second reason a campaign goes quiet.
p20
Spam complaints on Flash Sale Weekend hit point one eight percent
p21
against a point one zero threshold,
p22
so the platform recommends pausing sends to protect the domain.
p23
A campaign can look active and still be held here.
p24
Sweep the numbers underneath.
p25
In the metrics list, spam complaint rate is flagged for action.
p26
That flag is what the banner reacts to.
p27
Below it sit the engagement suppression toggles,
p28
live switches that decide who the platform stops emailing.
p29
Note their state.
p30
Never flip one while diagnosing.
p31
Third stop: the engine. Settings, Automation, Task Scheduler.
p32
Eighteen tasks, sixteen active, zero failed.
p33
Read zero failed first.
p34
The scheduling engine is healthy,
p35
so a stopped campaign is more likely a status or a guardrail than a broken job.
p36
A positive number here would change that instantly.
p37
Find the SMS Campaigns row.
p38
This is the heartbeat of outbound texting.
p39
It runs hourly, it last ran an hour ago,
p40
it is due again in fifty-two minutes, and its status is active.
p41
An eligible, unpaused campaign that is still silent, plus a stale or inactive row here?
p42
That is your evidence.
p43
Fourth stop: the trail. Settings, Automation, Mass SMS Log.
p44
One row per recipient, with a status on each.
p45
Today's capture returned a fetch error and zero entries.
p46
Do not read that as nothing sent.
p47
Confirm the data loaded before you tell anyone the messages never went out.
p48
Last angle: money. Open Billing, then Usage and Billing.
p49
Two tabs matter.
p50
Invoices shows one open, an unpaid bill.
p51
Spending Alerts is where a usage cap would live.
p52
Both are places to check, not confirmed causes.
p53
Name the tab and the count.
p54
Do not assert the mechanism.
p55
Stay on Overview and read Usage by Source.
p56
Every row is a campaign, an automation, or a transactional send,
p57
with volume and cost this period.
p58
If the ticket names a campaign, this panel settles it:
p59
did it send anything this month, and how much.
p60
Now build the ticket.
p61
The campaign name, its type and status chip, the weather pause pill if present.
p62
The deliverability signal.
p63
The scheduler timestamps, last run and next run.
p64
State which gate you found.
p65
Resuming the campaign happens in production with the right role.
p66
Never here.
p67
That's the narrowing flow.
p68
Status first, because draft and completed never send.
p69
Deliverability for a reputation hold.
p70
Task Scheduler for the heartbeat.
p71
The log for the trail.
p72
Billing for a cap or an open invoice.
p73
You escalated with evidence and moved nothing.